570728	TheFan	TheTheTitle	 The Fan 	t23569	f12916
45611	AvengersInfinityWar	Jossed	 Marvel Cinematic Universe:  Iron Man 2:  Thanks the novelization, it was believed by many that the new element Tony created was Vibranium, a fictional metal that is very prominent in the Black Panther books. Then Captain America: The First Avenger came out the following year and established that Vibranium was already a preexisting material, and that Tony's father was already working with it back during World War II.  Thor:  Thor: The Dark World debunked the popular fan assumption that Loki is a physical shapeshifter. In the movie, his shapeshifting is achieved with illusion. No, this Loki did not give birth to a horse.  Captain America: The First Avenger:  A popular theory was that the redheaded S.H.I.E.L.D. agent Amanda Righetti portrayed was Sharon Carter. This was shot down when it was announced that Emily VanCamp would be playing Carter in the sequel.  The Avengers:  For a while, it was popular fanon that the "cellist" girlfriend Agent Coulson mentioned in the movie was Wanda Maximoff, apparently based on the misconception that Wanda was a cellist in the comics. This was revealed to be untrue when the actual cellist showed up in an episode of Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., portrayed by Amy Acker.  A number of people also thought that Loki's Scepter was created from or powered by the Tesseract, explaining their similarities.  In Avengers: Age of Ultron, the Scepter turns out to be the Mind Stone, while the Tesseract is revealed to be the Space Stone.  A very popular fan theory was that Loki had been Brainwashed by Thanos between the events of Thor and The Avengers, explaining the alleged Villain Decay some felt he suffered from in the latter film. Thor: The Dark World however  makes no mention of any sort of brainwashing, and Loki never once tries to justify his actions by claiming to have been a victim.  Thor: The Dark World:  It was a popular theory that the Aether was supposed to be the Power Stone, since it's red and strengthens whoever wields it. The actual Power Stone was later introduced in Guardians of the Galaxy, where it was revealed to be purple in this continuity. It turns out the Aether is actually the Reality Stone instead.  Captain America: The Winter Soldier:  A common theory many fans had was that  Alexander Pierce was actually the Red Skull in disguise with The Nth Doctor effect applied to explain Hugo Weaving's absence, as Weaving stated he wouldn't be return for any sequels. It also made sense as the Skull had pulled this type of trick more than once in the comics to cheat death, which also caused him to change appearances. However, while  Pierce did turn out to be Evil All Along, he was acting entirely on his own.  Avengers: Age of Ultron:  When it was announced that there would be a "Big death" in the movie, a lot of people speculated that it would be War Machine, since some see him as redundant when Iron Man is around.  It was actually Quicksilver who wound up dying.  The trailers showed a brief scene of a scantily clad woman dancing near Thor while he was being electrocuted. Her outfit, coupled with some unverified rumors, caused some to believe the woman was Mantis, another Avenger from the comics. In the actual film, the dancing woman is just a nameless extra who briefly appears as part of a hallucination. Mantis later wound up debuting in Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2.  There was a dark-skinned bald woman seen in the trailers, and the fandom went wild guessing who she might be. Theories ranged from anyone to Hela, Black Panther's little sister Shuri, Death and even the above-mentioned Mantis. The mysterious woman was cut from the finished movie, but it's been confirmed she was tied to the Norns from Norse mythology.  Some speculated that Andy Serkis' mystery role was going to be Professor Phineas Horton, the scientist who invented The Vision. He actually played Klaw, while Professor Horton was Adapted Out of the Vision's origin entirely.  When Claudia Kim was cast, theories abounded about who she was playing, with common guesses being Jocasta, The Wasp, Su Yin and Madame Hydra. She actually played Helen Cho, an extremely minor character in the comics.  Captain America: Civil War:  When it was announced that William Hurt was reprising his role as General Ross, the rumor mill went into overtime with speculation that Ross would become the Red Hulk in the movie. He didn't.  Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2:  When the film was in the early pre-production stages, James Gunn mentioned that he'd be introducing one of his favorite superheroes as a new member of the team. This caused a bunch of speculation that the new Guardian in question would be someone like Moondragon, Adam Warlock, Captain Marvel, or even one of the Silver Age Guardians like Starhawk or Vance Astro. In the end, it turned out to be Mantis, a character a lot of fans had overlooked. However, Starhawk is also in the movie, played by Sylvester Stallone.  Captain Marvel (2019):  After Avengers: Infinity War ended with half the universe dusted by Thanos' Snap, several more pessimistic fans believed that The Stinger for Captain Marvel would show her being killed by the Snap as well, making Nick Fury's emergency signal to her at the end of the aforementioned film All for Nothing. This was jossed by the movie's actual post-credits scene, which shows a scene from Avengers: Endgame where Captain Marvel meets the rest of the Avengers for the first time.  Avengers: Endgame:  Many had assumed that Aussie actress Katherine Langford had been cast as Kate Bishop when Disney announced her casting once reshoot wrapped up in Fall 2018. Rumors especially kicked into high gear once a Hawkeye show co-starring the character got announced for Disney+ not too soon thereafter. Turns out she had only one filmed one scene as  an adult version of Tony Starks daughter, Morgan. It would have taken place in soul world and been similar to the one between Thanos and Gamora at the end of Infinity War. Shed say she forgives him for dying but the scene got cut  from the final film as test audiences found it confusing and repetitive. 	t12127	f1027
55227	BatmanBegins	SoftGlass	 The Dark Knight Trilogy:  This must be a Batman thing, because the saga is known for its realism  and even it suffers from this. Batman once glided through a window without being injured or noticeably slowing down (though the S.W.A.T. team members in The Dark Knight were at least shooting the windows).  In Batman Begins, in which it is even more ridiculous because it is done by actual bats. Little animals like that aren't gonna be able to break through glass windows. 	t20790	f1197
55513	BatmanBegins	ItIsBeyondSaving	 As stated by the page quotation, this is the attitude towards Gotham expressed by the League of Shadows in Batman Begins, or at least by its leaders. Batman's disagreement with it drives much of the movie's story. Bruce: Gotham isn't beyond saving. Give me more time; there are good people here. Ducard: You're defending a city so corrupt we have infiltrated every level of its infrastructure. 	t11906	f1197
259789	IHeartHuckabees	OpposedMentors	 Philosophically opposed existential detectives (who both served as  Trickster Mentors  for their clients) who may or may not have actually been working together, but would never admit it.	t16302	f5885
563212	TheDeathsOfIanStone	MySpeciesDothProtestTooMuch	 The Deaths of Ian Stone ups the anteit seems The Power of Love can redeem even Humanoid Abominations. 	t14904	f12692
661142	TheStepfather	VeryLooselyBasedOnATrueStory	 The inspiration for the series was mass murderer John Emil List, who killed his family, fled to Virginia, assumed another identity, remarried and wasn't caught for eighteen years.	t25182	f14882
452058	ScoobyDooMusicOfTheVampire	TakeThat	 Daphne and Velma are fans of " Silverlight ," a series of romance novels involving trendy new modern vampires. Shaggy pegs the whole thing as silly, and one of the characters is a professor who writes folklore based vampire novels and thinks the "teen vampire craze" is silly.	t22219	f10422
414934	QuickChange	IndyPloy	 Fortunately, Grimm is good at  Xanatos Speed Chess .	t11355	f9612
605187	TheLastSamurai	WaterfallShower	 Nathan comes across his host (the widow of the man he killed) taking a waterfall  Shower of Awkward .	t25594	f13694
