14949	t14950	NailEm	 Nail guns are a common Improvised Weapon in fiction. Generally, they are portrayed as being analogous to firearms that shoot nails instead of bullets, while in Real Life, nail guns have a safety mechanism explicitly to prevent this - it must be pressed in direct contact with a surface to fire (meaning you can't just pick one up and, say, start blasting zombies with it). Even if you did bypass said safety mechanism, nails aren't as aerodynamic as rifled bullets, so they don't have the accuracy or range that makes real firearms so deadly. They make better melee weapons since a nail gun is a blunt object that can stick out a long spike on contact, but this is hardly ever represented in fiction. Still, never point a nailgun at someone - the safety mechanism can malfunction and if the nail does hit someone it can inflict serious injury. The MythBusters tested this one and declared it "Busted" because while its accuracy was surprisingly good up to about 15 feet, a nail gun's penetration and stopping power are nothing compared to a real gun. This trope can also cover the use of rivet and staple guns as weapons. Subtrope of Spike Shooter. 
14579	t14580	MostGamersAreMale	This trope holds that the primary demographic for video games is males ages 15 to 25, which explains why games are full of male-only Fanservice, especially in the form of Stripperiffic female characters, gratuitous violence, and concepts that are oriented more to explosions and racking up a high body count than plot or character development. There is a lot of historical context behind this trope. Young males traditionally made up the vast majority of gamers, though demographics are changing. Females now make up to 45% of people playing video games and the average age of people playing video games continues to rise. However, the core audience for games such as shooters, racing games and action RPGS remains males aged 20 to 35. Those types of games are usually the first types of games associated with gamers. This is likely due to the popularity and controversy of video games such as Call of Duty and Grand Theft Auto which have made them well known even among non-gamers. There is an increasing number of females playing these types of games, but the player base remains mostly male. It is worth noting that this trope is very much Truth in Television for the vast majority of games considered the territory of so-called "gamers." Females are overrepresented among players of simple freeware or mobile games such as farm simulators, casual puzzle games, "interactive movies", and atmospheric exploration games. Genres such as first-person shooters, action role-playing games, action-adventure games, turn-based strategy games, and sandbox/openworld games have player bases that are anywhere between 80% and 95% male. See also Rated M for Money and Male Gaze. Compare and contrast Gamer Chick and Otaku Surrogate. 
14085	t14086	MidairCollision	So you have a bunch of flying things, usually aircraft, and something's destroying them. How to make it look cool? By having one of the planes damaged enough to cause it to veer off course and crash into another airplane. See also Just Plane Wrong. 
26985	t26986	OffScreenMomentOfAwesome	 Something big is about to go down. Everyone knows it. The Big Bad is about to get schooled by the Old Master. A horde of mooks are about to be mowed down in an awesome fashion. Whatever it is, this will no doubt be one of the most awesome moments you will ever see. Except you won't. All you'll get (if you're lucky) is the characters talking about how awesome the scene was to behold. Just like the expectation of something scary is more frightening than the actual scare, so is the expectation of an awesome scene. Except you never see the awesome scene, and are forced to imagine how it went down. Compare Anti-Climax, Writer Cop Out, and Noodle Incident. If it is occurring just outside of the viewer's field of vision, it is a Battle Discretion Shot. Not to be confused with They Wasted a Perfectly Good Plot, where the awesome thing in question never actually happened at all. This trope used to be called "Missed Moment of Awesome". If you want to find a trope for a time when a character's Awesome Moment fails to reach its expected level of epicness, try Negated Moment of Awesome. Stories or events that don't turn out as cool as you expected might belong in either They Wasted a Perfectly Good Plot (a YMMV trope) or What Could Have Been (a Trivia trope).   
13189	t13190	LoserFriendPuzzlesOutsiders	Some people are obviously important. And why not? They're impressive. They've got status, good looks, money, glory, power... Others... not so much. They may be clumsy, kooky, not socially connected, poor, powerless, but whatever the reason, they're not someone an impressive person (often but not necessarily The Hero) would ever hang out with, right? Right? Wrong. An outsider (sometimes but not necessarily the Big Bad) often can't stop questioning how this person got on the more impressive guy's radar. Surely he could do better. They may claim that the "loser's" reputation for being friends with the "superior" person must be false or (if the respected person confirms it) criticize him for his choice in company. In some cases (usually a story where the Aesop is the dangers of trying to fit In with the In Crowd), the non-loser character will buckle to it and try to end or downplay the relationship. However, in time he'll (usually) come to his senses, often giving a speech as to just why he thinks this person is worth his time. He may mention that his friend has his quirks, but he's kind, loyal, generous, or some other quality that makes him a good friend. Depending on the story, the relationship may be an explicitly Forbidden Friendship; in others, it's just understood that certain people aren't supposed to hang out together. As with the romantic version What Does She See in Him?, it should be noted that, given that different things are valued by different groups, which friend is the "loser" might vary based on the environment. This trope tends to fall on the middle to more idealistic side of the Sliding Scale of Idealism vs. Cynicism. This may overlap with The Friend Nobody Likes. However, in that trope, the whole social circle hates the "loser" rather than an outsider to the group, and the person may actually have some cause for being disliked. Here, the person is usually presented as being an innocent victim of prejudice, whether it's related to social Darwinism, jocks vs geeks, Slobs Vs Snobs, or racism, fantastic or otherwise. People who may fall on the wrong side of this include the Muggle Best Friend, the "lower-class" character in an Interclass Friendship or the "loser" in a Cool Kid-and-Loser Friendship. 
26927	t26928	SpearCounterpart	 One common method used in creating a Spin-Off is taking the main character of the show, creating an equivalent that's mostly the same except for being the opposite sex, and then packing the new character off to her own series. This allows the station or network to fill up extra space on the schedule with a known quantity, while (in theory) stretching its demographic to female viewers. This method is very popular among action-adventure series, which mostly appeal to young males. While heroes are usually the ones to get this kind of treatment, it's been happening more and more to villains too. There's also the third kind of Spin-Off, with a long-lost sister showing up or a new girlfriend brought in, only to repeat whatever circumstances gave the main character his powers/duties/what-have-you. Just like how many female characters are defined by their relationship to the default or already established male character, many distaff counterparts are defined primarily by their relationship to the male counterpart. This can be shown through their visual properties, narrative connection, and occasionally promotional materials. They are often a wife or girlfriend, but can be a sister or friend to the male counterpart. Often, and especially if the characters in question are animals, the female character will have a bow on her head or other Tertiary Sexual Characteristics defining her as female and to set her apart from the "default" male characters. In other words, the male character or characters may have little or no stereotypical masculinizing gender specifiers, but his or their distaff counterpart or counterparts will have stereotypical feminizing gender specifiers to mark them as female. If the distaff counterpart is a girlfriend, she is usually the Love Interest to the male character. A male character who goes through the Gender Bender will find himself turned into his own Distaff Counterpart. The implications for the character, writers, and audience are left as an exercise for the reader. NOTE: "Distaff" means "female". Therefore, the inverse of this (a male counterpart to an existing female character or Always Female trope) is technically and traditionally a Spear Counterpart (which was named for the spearhead-shaped end of the symbol of Mars that represents males. You may also be thinking the "spear" meant something else). SECOND NOTE: A "distaff" is a spinning device, used with a spinning wheel and, even before that, with a spindle. More here. Textile Work Is Feminine; that's why it's used to symbolize femininity. Usually tends to wear a Gendered Outfit. Compare Gender Flip, which reverses roles based on gender, rather than cloning them. If a normally gender-specific trope is played on its opposite gender anyway, that's a Gender-Inverted Trope (otherwise known as a rare male/female example). If they're fan-created, it's Rule 63. If this appeals to a fan fetish, it's a form of Fanservice. When you take this trope to its literal conclusion, you get an Opposite-Sex Clone. See also Contrasting Sequel Main Character. Contrast with I Just Want to Be Badass. The laws of probability and large numbers will in all likelihood turn this into Truth in Television eventually for most of us. 
13529	t13530	MagicHair	This page covers hair that has magical powers. It doesn't necessarily have to be a weapon in itself, but generally if hair has magical properties, then it counts as this. May have Rapid Hair Growth as a characteristic. See also Prehensile Hair and some forms of Kaleidoscope Hair. 
26522	t26523	YouMeddlingKids	 When the evil character is finally brought to justice, he claims that he would've gotten away with it if it weren't for those "meddling kids" (or whoever it was who foiled his plot). He may be evil, but he gives credit where credit is due. The classic form is, "And I would have gotten away with it, too, if it weren't for you meddling kids!" The use of the phrase "meddling kids" is a classic Shout-Out to Scooby-Doo. It's not "you meddling kids and that stupid dog"/"that dumb dog"/"your dog", although these turn up as a Shout-Out in other shows. Not to be confused with those meddling executives or the Snooping Little Kid. May not apply if The Meddling Kids Are Useless. Here is a compilation with a lot of examples. 
4727	t04728	CreepyCoolCrosses	Most Japanese are not Christian. They hear Westerners talk about it, and most of it gets lost except for the imagery of some poor guy getting ritually killed and then reanimated, and a vague understanding of a specific kind of afterlife and hell. Ironically, this makes the more unfamiliar aspects seem somewhat morbid to those unfamiliar with the context — in fact, similar to how many Westerners view Vodou/Vodun/Voodoo. Additionally, many places are familiar with crosses as historically common execution devices but lack the religious baggage making their depiction explicitly taboo. At the very least, in Japanese imagery, Christian imagery tends to be visual short-hand for occult overtones if it's intentionally symbolic. Occasionally it's used as simply a fashion choice, much in the way kanji inserted just for the hell of it are used in other countries. And sometimes, you'll have people use giant crosses as physical weapons just as much as religious ones. This isn't at all exclusive to countries unfamiliar with Christianity either, as the familiar symbols and motifs can easily be used for religious, vaguely occult, or otherwise eerie associations in media. See also Crucified Hero Shot and Faux Symbolism. 
17837	t17838	ProtectionFromEditors	(This writer can't be blocked, targeted, dealt damage or enchanted by editorial criticism.) The Executive Meddling we're most familiar with is the sort that ruins stories, characters, and entire franchises. So why, some may ask, does the job even exist? Put simply, because quite often they're actually right, it's just the negative effects of Executive Meddling that are always publicized. No creator is perfect, after all; sometimes they really do make unmarketable stories and other mistakes on their own. Even the best need guidance. When the creator is first starting out, the editors have the advantage in the artist-executive relationship. The creator's priority is just getting their stuff out there where people can see it, and in order to make that happen most people will acquiesce on the smaller details. The creator has no real leverage — if he objects too strenuously to executives meddling with his "vision", the executives have the option of shrugging their shoulders and moving on to one of the hundreds of other desperate artists looking for a break. However, if the creator manages to pull off a hit, the dynamic changes. He eventually becomes marketable on star power alone. Whatever he produces is guaranteed to sell, regardless of quality, thanks to his established fanbase. Not all creators actually appreciate the help they've received from the editors. As far as they're concerned, these short-sighted editors have been holding them back from true greatness. They might not actively think this, but getting a fanbase and thus lots of positive feedback gives some people a swelled head. Due to editors not being willing or able to fight back against a brand-name star, the resulting new material from an old creator can end up being lower-quality. Sometimes very much lower, as the author's bad habits, Mary Sues, and Author Appeals come to the fore (sometimes to the horrified shock of the creator's fanbase), where before, such excesses would be quickly and ruthlessly excised. The creators get away with it because it'll sell anyway, and we don't want to risk pissing him off and having him bolt for another company. One informal rule to see if this is the case is whether the author's name is the same size or bigger than the title on the front cover. If it is, you can safely bet the author falls under this trope. Publishing tends to be an industry of marginal profits (the book that sells has to pay for the ten that flop) so when you have an author who sells thousands or millions of copies on their name alone, why would you spend money editing their work? Protection From Editors can also foster in some minds a feeling that they are also, by extension, given Protection From Critics as well, which results in great displeasure whenever any criticism is raised — even if that criticism is constructive, well-meant, and particularly if it is valid. Expect snide attacks on anyone who dares criticise them to follow. Webcomics and other online media have a special risk of suffering from this. On the Internet, one can gather a fanbase with no editor whatsoever, and if you start listening to that fanbase praising you unconditionally, you're just asking for trouble. A common pattern that occurs, especially with recent comic book adaptations is that the first film is either deemed great or at least decent considering the demands made by Executive Meddling. Because the first film was a success, the second movie is given more open range to experiment with. This either reveals that the executive meddling was what made the first movie good or it manages to top itself and be even better. If it reaches a third movie those involved may start to think they are invincible and shows why they needed someone to hinder them a little bit. Contrast Executive Veto, Executive Meddling, Tough Act to Follow, Scapegoat Creator. Not entirely uncoincidentally, many creators with Protection From Editors are also Small Name Big Egos. Mis-blamed might result if the executive is blamed for what it actually the creator's fault. The trope's name is inspired by the TCG Magic: The Gathering, for a card ability that "protects" the card it appears on from something else in the game outlined by the ability itself. ("Protection From X", where "X" in this case is editors.) 
